[CON-1937] feat: Added Lever write functionality (#1797)
amp-labs/connectors: providers/lever/README.md

| sources                 | sources            | read         |
| stages                  | stages             | read         |
| tags                    | tags               | read         |
| users                   | users              | read, write  |
| feedback_templates      | feedback_templates | read, write  |
| opportunities           | opportunities      | read, write  |
| postings                | postings           | read, write  |
| form_templates          | form_templates     | read, write  |
| requisitions            | requisitions       | read, write  |
| requisition_fields      | requisition_fields | read, write  |
| uploads                 | uploads            | write        |
| contacts                | contacts           | write        |

Notes:
- Excluded the endpoints /eeo/responses/pii and /eeo/responses because they are not direct endpoints, and their responses are embedded within their respective objectName under data. Other endpoints follow a consistent structure where responses are contained under data.
- Excluded the endpoint /surveys/diversity/:posting because it includes a posting ID in the URL path, only one endpoints with posting in the connector.

> - Below delete endpoints cannot be delete that were created within the Lever application. Only endpoints that were created via API can be deleted via API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The delete endpoints below cannot be removed if they were created within the Lever application. Only endpoints created through the API are eligible for deletion via API.
```
